hi and welcome to this short tutorial on
how to focus on your x100s there's two
tips in this tutorial tip number one
changing your focus points locate the AF
button on the back of your camera and
simply press it once in autofocus mode
now navigate to the selected focus point
that you wish to focus on using the
arrow keys on the left right up and down
once selected then make your focus point
bigger or smaller using the command
control at the top of the camera once
you have the desired size of the focus
point simply press your shutter button
and take your photo tip number two
manual focus modes on the left hand side
of your camera you will notice that
there's a manual focus switch select it
and on the back of the command control
hold it in once and this will select
digital split image pressing in again
will select focus peak highlight mode
and the third time will return back to
standard mode so we'll just work with
digital split image mode at this point
in time now to get a closer view press
it in again rather than holding it and
that will magnify it now you can use
your manual focus control ring on the
front of the camera to adjust your focus
so when in digital split image you'll
notice all showed just a black and white
image and it will actually break the
image up into four horizontal rows your
vertical lines will become jagged and
all you're doing is adjusting your focus
point so that their vertical line
matches up straight now next is the
focus peak highlight mode with focus
peak highlight mode simply press it in
again to magnify it and you'll notice it
will actually put a black and a white
line around every object at the highest
point of focus these lines will peak
showing you that the subject matter is
in focus so when you're out and about
with your x100s make sure you use these
settings on your manual focus mode and
also in your automatic focus mode and by
adjusting your focus points you'll find
it will make a big difference to your
photography and we hope you enjoy using
your fujifilm x100t Ben leader pros for
some Fujifilm quick tips